hey future millionaires my name is
Isabella I became a millionaire within 2
years thanks to the power of social
media and online business I have a total
of 15 million followers across all my
social media platforms that I own and I
love to use my YouTube channel here to
inspire and educate others to do the
same and today I'm going to be giving
you guys a full guide to how to grow on
threads and how to make money from it
not only is it the biggest opportunity
to grow on with social media right now
but I've also been making $5,000 a month
every single month just from using
threads if you don't already know what
threads is threads is like the x/
Twitter version of Instagram there's a
lot more people than you probably
thought that are actually on threads
right now like I actually grew to over
100,000 followers on threads already
I've been using threads for about a year
now and I'm going to give you the hack
on how I'm able to generate viral
threads without me having to do a lot of
work on my end you already know people
charge thousands of dollars for
education in courses which I give you
guys 100% free all I ask in exchange for
the free education is just smash that
like button for the YouTube algorithm
And subscribe to my YouTube channel so I
can continue to create free courses and
videos just like this so no matter what
you are doing online you need to be
using threads not only is it the easiest
platform to grow on right now but as you
can see you can also make a lot of money
from it and not just money from the
bonuses but in other ways too which I
will talk about soon threads is ideal
for Content creators digital product
sellers small business owners and so
much more right now threads is giving
everybody a very equal chance to go
viral I've had some friends that have
started like they're brand new to social
media in general they started an account
on threads and they're already up to
almost 30,000 followers just by the same
strategies which I'm going to teach you
in this video today and this is only
within a couple months they literally
started just a couple months ago growth
on threads becomes very easy once you
realize why these threads are even
becoming pushed out the more engagement
that you get on a thread the more viral
it's going to go the more people click
on the actual thread to read what's on
the thread the more it's going to be
pushed out more the algorithm you're
also able to add links to directly to
threads this makes it a lot easier for
someone to click through and see your
offer I'm going to talk about this more
a little bit later so there's a lot of
awesome AI platforms that are out here
right now which are dedicated to helping
you grow on social media and helping you
start online businesses this is one of
my favorite ones that I've been using
like so much lately with so many
different social media platforms this is
Trend assist AI they specialize not only
with the viral threads generator but
they also specialize in almost every
single other social media platform out
here right now now if you guys want to
try this AI you can either just Google
Trend assist AI or I'll put the link
down in my description box below for you
guys when you click on that link it's
going to bring you to this page where
you can go in and sign up to create an
account so we're going to just ask the
AI give me 10 viral threads in the
personal development Niche I'm also
identifying that I am a woman Creator by
saying for women Niche and we're going
to tell it to include emojis now you can
see in seconds a bunch of viral threads
were generated for us that we can copy
and paste paste over to threads all of
these are optimized to go viral and to
get you to your target audience just to
get a variety of different threads now
I'm going to ask it because it already
knows who we are and what we do give me
more Punchy on liners which are just
more simple threads so you can really
have a mix of both keep these in mind
because I'm going to show you a hack to
make these go even more viral in the
next part of this video and you can see
this literally works for any Niche that
you are doing I do this a couple times a
week and then I batch a bunch of content
and put it in my threads drafts I also
like to do this at different times since
Trends are changing this platform
literally saves me thousands of dollars
with all the work that it does for me
you've probably seen it in my other
videos as well on YouTube so for me it's
very well worth what I'm getting and
with the money that I'm saving and
obviously with the money that it makes
me because you guys see I'm literally
making $5,000 a month from threads just
with the bonuses I pay around $24 a
month and I pay in yearly to get a
discount so that is my hack to be able
to post on threads multiple times a day
with the most up-to-date trending
threads that you know are going to have
a much more bigger chance of actually
going to go viral I also always like to
put these like big bold words in front
of quotes so I'll always say like truth
no excuses reminder question crazy fact
fact and this just grabs attention
before you actually put your thread so
keep those in mind and you can use those
as well another great way is to just ask
simple questions related to your Niche
and again if you can't come up with
these yourself use Trend assist Ai and
specifically ask for Threads that have
questions in them and you want to kind
of think of threads it's just kind of
like chatting with your friends so don't
take it too seriously these are all
threads that I was able to generate
through Trend assist AI here's another
really good one that got me so many
followers which was just ladies who want
to get rich make money online and live
their lives for a living I hope you find
my account or I pray you find my account
and what I did here was I identified
with other users on what I was offering
them so the thread gave me a lot of new
followers because I identified my target
audience Niche with the thread if you
just hit your first 100 followers on
threads or you hit a th000 followers on
threads or 10 followers on threads don't
be afraid to share your accomplishments
big or small because I noticed every
single time I do this I gain more
followers from it because people want to
support you as a person the more that
you like ad your human touch the things
the more that people are interested in
supporting you and helping you out
because they see you on that humanistic
level so always always always share your
wins especially for small business
owners if you are someone that you just
got $1,000 in sales or you got your
first sale tell people about it share
and then that's even better because then
they're going to go and Shop with you
because they want to support you too
I've seen people doing this all the time
on threads already too now like I talked
about threads already has a bonus system
for their users because I was super
consistent with threads I used Trend
assist AI I really just like tried to
play around with different things I grew
pretty fast and Instagram offered me
this bonus I get up to $5,000 every
single month for this so I've made over
$20,000 just from threads which is so
crazy to think about out some people
I've seen have smaller bonuses like $500
or $11,200 but honestly like a win is a
win like even if you make an extra $50 a
month from this like this is awesome
it's rewarding users for being active if
you guys get selected for a bonus you're
going to go to your Instagram you're
going to click professional dashboard
then you're going to click on bonuses
which is like a little treasure box and
it's going to be right here make sure
that you do have I just have like a
Creator professional account so just
make sure that you also have this
enabled on your account and that you're
post regularly on Instagram as well if
you haven't already started posting like
a content creator and have Niche down
you need to just you need to just get
started and this is your sign because
it's only going to grow over the next 10
years you may as well establish yourself
to something on social media and not
just trying to like you know post like a
normal like on your personal page like
family and friends like no you need to
pick one thing that you are good at or
that you have or one Niche and go all
ens this is a great time to actually do
that especially with threads I see
people starting from complete scratch so
it's a great time to jump in so here's
the strategy all laid out again this is
my threads content replication strategy
so using Trend assist AI to get my
threads wrote for me I use these threads
I test them out and see how they do
don't expect to just blow up immediately
take some time stay consistent I
generate new ones throughout the week
because Trend toist AI is always
updating when you get a thread that does
well repost it I literally have reposted
the same thread like 10 times and it
goes viral every time whenever I get a
viral thread so don't be afraid like two
weeks later just repost the same thread
literally copy and paste it volume is
very very important on threads and
they're so easy to just like write
something up like either you can write
yourself use Trend assist AI to generate
them for you and you really get can get
in a routine of doing this and every
time you check your phone just remind
yourself let me post a thread I usually
post like about four to five a day and
this is what has grown my account now
let's talk a little bit more about
monetization strategies on threads of
course you can make money from the
threads bonus which is great 100% profit
right it's so awesome but you can also
make money by using threads as a funnel
this is how I use every single social
media platform everything is a funnel
you guys to something now whether or not
you have that or not yet you can use my
YouTube channel to learn how to generate
that so for example say you started a
fitness account right and you're like I
really love Fitness let me start sharing
my fitness journey start TR your fitness
journey and then you start realizing
like wait I just lost 20 lbs really fast
I want to share how I did this so you
create an ebook on it or you create a
video course on it which I teach you on
my YouTube channel I have a free course
all about digital products on my YouTube
channel you can follow so you create
that then you're going to just promote
that through those threads because
what's awesome about threads is like I
said you can literally link things in
the thread so you can specifically ask
Trend assist AI write me threads that
are promoting my new ebook coming out or
certain things or you can identify
problems show how you solved it and then
like in that thread talk about it and
share your ebook or you can even say who
wants an ebook about this losing 20
pounds in a week or whatever it is right
but by doing this you now have a funnel
in place where you don't even have to
really rely on the threads bonus by then
but you're still growing your business
you're growing your social media
presence and you're doing this all
organically without buying a single ad
it's never been easier to create a
digital product you can literally do it
in less than 10 minutes I would say like
that's probably like the easiest and
like best way that I see people making
money with on threads because they're
growing their digital product business
whether or not you get the bonuses like
some people get them some people don't I
hope all of you guys watching this get
them hope you get the maximum one but I
don't want you to just rely the bonus
you know because there's so many other
ways that you can generate income which
you know other monetization avenues
which I teach on my YouTube channel if
you don't already know my YouTube
channel is your number one source for
100% free education and courses if you
haven't already you can dive into my
100% free courses playlist and you
already know all I ask in exchange for
the free education is just smash that
like button for the YouTube algorithm
And subscribe to my YouTube channel so I
can continue to create free courses and
videos just like this let me know your
thread wins down in the comments below I
want to see how fast you guys are
growing using threads I'll also link the
trend assist AI in my description box
down below or you guys can Google it too
whatever you want but these are all of
my hacks for growing it's actually a lot
more simple than my other videos than a
lot of other platforms nowadays a lot of
other platforms you know with short form
contents much more complex than this
with threads it's like never been easier
to grow on a social media platform and I
see people starting from zero followers
and staying really consistent and
growing really fast which is so awesome
to see so again this is your sign jump
into content creation if you haven't
already there's always New Opportunities
arising every single year I feel like
there's something new and different to
make money from so you guys already know
I love to keep you guys updated I wish
you guys all the best with your thread
Ventures and I will see you guys in my
next free course bye everyone